I drew trade integrated Ventures
corporation or Agri trade was
established in 1989 and is primarily
engaged in the manufacture and
distribution of game file feeds it is
located at barrio Santo Tomas Santa
Maria Bulacan founded by Leonardo dela
Cruz the company through his vision and
discipline steadily grew in the last 20
years agro trade is the company behind
habibi's EF a highly popular fighting
conditioner easy feeding or EF is
an innovation pioneered by honeybees
wherein beings are split or broken for
easier feeding and digestion Hagee bees
EF conditioners are specially formulated
to provide game fouls the power they
need for cockfights made only from the
best grains from all over the world
Aggie bees EF comes in five variants
super conditioner special conditioner
power conditioner regular and
concentrate maintenance feeds Aggie be
super conditioner is specially made to
give Fighting the power alertness
and increased stamina during battle
fights Aggies special conditioner
contains a balanced mixture of choice
grains specially formulated to provide
the nutritional needs of Gamecocks
during their conditioning stage
huggy bees power conditioner is a mix of
high quality grains and fighter pellets
specially formulated to condition
Gamecocks
to be at their top fighting form in
addition to its fighting
conditioners agro trade also
manufactures and distributes Haggai bees
pigeon flier and breeder mix for racing
pigeons and gold makes hog and poultry
feeds I go trade strategy is to
continuously improve its game fowl
products and develop innovative products
which it can bring to the market this
penchant for quality and innovation is
the reason that huggy bees chose ho
Safina or sandela group
a certified champion to be its brand
ambassador Association
[Music]
this year Agri trade is launching a new
campaign that will reach out to a
broader scale of game fowl consumers
huggy bees possibly Eastland can be on
it just tells us that huggy bees is not
only for Fighting but also for
champions of the league just as looking
up to awesome dela Cruz as huggy BCF
ambassador hajji bees is one of the
brands to look out for this 2011